c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\LoLINFO.exe.config
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\LoLINFO.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\LoLINFO.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.Form1.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\Json.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\Json.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\LoLINFO.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\bin\Debug\LoLINFO.application
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Francisco\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoLINFO\LoLINFO\obj\Debug\LoLINFO.application
